a woman's place is a private room
located within select drug mart's it's a
place where a woman can come which is
totally private they're treated with
dignity and compassion and caring and in
this place we pick up the correct wig
and hairstyle for them
when a woman is going to lose her hair
is extremely traumatic she already knows
that she's going to have to go through
chemotherapy sure he knows and she's
going to be sick if that's not bad
enough now she's facing the biggest side
effect of chemotherapy Nancy air boss
it's very devastating I see people that
were traumatized coming in and it just
takes all the worry out of them knowing
that they have the proper fit for the
wig the color so then when they do go
through the hair loss they have a
beautiful wig sitting there waiting for
them what is especially important is
that when they're going through this
rough time at the look and feel like
themselves it's not the time to change
it's a time for them to feel good about
themselves and look exactly how they
look before the hair loss occurred I was
diagnosed with breast cancer in early
September I was searching around for
different types of wigs because when you
go through chemotherapy they do tell you
upfront if you're going to lose your
hair or not in certain drugs will make
you lose your hair and others won't
and the particular drugs that I'm
getting I will lose my hair it is hard
to accept the fact that you're going to
lose your hair however I will say that
you try to take a negative into a
positive and what I tried to keep in the
back of my mind was that make it a fun
experience Triana different different
wigs different things that different
styles to what you feel comfortable with
different colors anything because you
get to pick this out for you you need to
be you need to feel comfortable in it
you're going to wear this maybe to work
or maybe out in the public if you have
special events so you really need to
feel good about this basically when I
came here I was shopping around this is
the third place I went to was Nancy and
she was wonderful and we tried on a
couple different wigs
and we talked about the pricing we help
our clients lick the right way for their
lifestyle taking into account what they
do daily you determine their need
whether they want to heal min or
synthetic quick human is much harder to
take care of synthetic you know every
time you wash it comes out the same then
we determine the different manufacturing
types of the wigs and also we take an
account their budget and how much their
insurance will reimburse them for I
didn't expect that drug mart would be
one of the places that I could go to I
was giving a lot of other places and one
of the cancer centers gave me the name
of Nancy and that's how I found her and
when she said she was through drug mart
I was extremely surprised it was less
intimidating it was very warm welcoming
I had no problems with any of the staff
here very very um made me feel very
comfortable very comfortable about
coming here and and I felt good about
myself so that's a very positive
experience I would recommend that when I
deliver that with when they're willing
to smiling
there's no better
on the next Access Hollywood and I'm
really excited about tonight's show
exclusive
you